document DD_RUNTIME_METRICS_ENABLED for Java tracer (#8825)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/runtime_metrics/java.md

## Automatic Configuration

> JVM metrics collection is enabled by default for Java tracer v0.29.0+. It can be disabled with one configuration parameter in the tracing client, either through a system property, `-Ddd.jmxfetch.enabled=false`, or through an environment variable, `DD_JMXFETCH_ENABLED=false`. Since v0.64.0+ you can also use the `DD_RUNTIME_METRICS_ENABLED=false` environment variable to disable it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JVM metrics collection is enabled by default for Java tracer v0.29.0+. It can be disabled with one configuration parameter in the tracing client, either through a system property, `-Ddd.jmxfetch.enabled=false`, or through an environment variable, `DD_JMXFETCH_ENABLED=false`. As of v0.64.0+, you can also use the `DD_RUNTIME_METRICS_ENABLED=false` environment variable to disable it.
```
